# SendViberCampaignRequest


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**groups** | **[int]** | An array of identifiers for groups of contacts | 
**_from** | **str** | The originator (sender name) of the text message (min 3, max 15 characters). If the originator used in this value is not approved, it will be overwritten by a default system originator (eg. InfoText). Read more about [sender names](#) | 
**template_id** | **int** | Identifier of the approved Viber template | 
**custom_fields** | [**CustomFields**](CustomFields.md) |  | [optional] 
**scheduled_date** | **datetime** | If you want to schedule the Viber message at a later date. The date provided must be in format **YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS** (Eg. 2021-06-23 14:26:10). By default, the date and time in this parameter is treated as &#x60;UTC&#x60;. So if you want to schedule a Viber message to a french phone number at 16:00 (France is UTC+2), then you should set the parameter at 2021-06-23 14:00 (UTC). If you don&#39;t want to make the calculations, you can set this parameter as the date time of the destination (eg. 2021-06-23 16:00) and set the parameter &#x60;isUtc&#x60; to &#x60;false&#x60;. In this way, the API will automatically make the conversion from the destination timezone to UTC and set the scheduledDate accordingly | [optional] 
**is_utc** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;false&#x60; it will indicate that the &#x60;scheduledDate&#x60; parameter is not a date in UTC time, but the date relative to the timezone of the destination phone number. The API will calculate the offset and convert the date to UTC.   | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of True
**dlr_callback_url** | **str** | A valid URL to receive the delivery report update for the sent Viber. If this parameter is set, it will overwrite the setting from [Admin Dashboard &gt; HTTP API &gt; Oauth2 &gt; Application settings](#) | [optional] 
**short_response** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, it will return the full &#x60;info&#x60; object and empty &#x60;data&#x60; object. For situations when you don&#39;t need the information in the &#x60;data&#x60; object and want to save bandwith | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**no_text_details** | **bool** | The response will not have the parameters &#x60;data.text&#x60; and &#x60;data.textAnalysis&#x60;. For situations when you send to large lists of phone numbers and don&#39;t need all response parameters (save bandwith) | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**show_timezone** | **bool** | Shows the parameter &#x60;timezone&#x60; in the response, for each phone number | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**idempotency_id** | **str** | A unique idempotency id generated by the client. For more information, refer to [Idempotent requests](#). The API will return an error if the value provided is not a valid UUID (v1-v5) | [optional] 


[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#available-methods) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


